# Making betterr more convenient

Over time, I've added some features to betterr to make it more convenient. I've done this in three ways:

- Creating an install script. It is creatively named `install.d`. Once you clone the betterr repo, you can add betterr to your project by running `rdmd ./install.d [dir]` in the top level of the repo, where `[dir]` is the directory holding your project. This copies all source files in such a way that you can compile your project using the `-i` option. It creates a Makefile, adds linking information for `libR`, `libRInside`, and `libopenblas`, and adds the paths/files that are needed for the ImportC functionality. Optionally, you can add the name of your main source file as a second argument. If you don't provide the source file name, it's called file.d. After that, you can switch to the project directory, import whatever you want from betterr, and compile by typing `make`. A shorter way to say this is that the goal of the install script is to make this as convenient as R, Python, or Julia.
- I assume everything is installed. To make *all* functionality of betterr available, you need to have installed R, RInside, and Openblas. I assume it's installed in the install script. In hindsight, I don't know why I was ever hesitant to make an assumption like that.
- There's now a `betterr.everything` module. This doesn't include the GSL random number generation or the Gretl matrix library, but all of the R-related stuff is then imported. Since all of those modules are designed to work together, there's no reason not to do this. The effect on compile times is nil.

Some additional changes may come. I might use symlinks rather than copying files to keep the project size smaller and automatically update when betterr updates. 

Another thing I've been pondering is making it feel even more like a scripting language. Rather creating a source file with a `main` function, importing the necessary libraries, and starting/closing R, you could create a file such as `source.d` that jumps straight into using betterr. All the boilerplate is added for you when you compile it using a command like `betterr source`. Where it would make sense is if it had an IDE like RStudio and you didn't want to have to clutter your file with imports and a main function. This sounds interesting on paper, but in practice the current overhead is already minimal, so the benefit would be questionable.